people around the world is
welcome to the opening of many
avalanche boxes and to see if
we managed to get lr I told you that the
only two weapons that can come out comes
being this and apart from those that
they come out in the deployments that those
they can always come out
this weapon itself is bad and the other is
half bad too but it's not so bad
like the other
I have both, but you already know that
there are never enough left over but we are going to try to get
to the avalanche opening 10 in 10
small boxes
and here we accelerate it
as you will know before I do not have any
still
let's hope I do not do the eau and that I do not
leave the er
it's amazing that they come out duplicate not
I only have one open
nothing happens
it's amazing that they are coming out
duplicates navas I have two open no
important
everything can not be how to do this is
amazing
yosano does not come out repeated because it no longer
you can go by
because he had already put together a good
number
there is no serious this is incredible I have
had to fill the action bar
so that it does not come out repeating this absurd
but good
that is that dark but what madness
I only have three covers and they come out
repeated
is not this
this is amazing seriously this is
amazing
They have already left
repeated absolutely all
wow it is impossible to believe this
I believe that it will not take balance in this
chance
I think this thing this work a
moment
little by little
good, let's continue with the opening of
boxes what happens as well as just
accept many requests for this game
and he started having problems with
the mix is ​​art like 500 requests
of
and had earrings
good arrived it seems to me
4 I have six attempts
you can not all be serious that I
they come out repeated
totally
it's not that this is incredible seriously it is
of the most incredible thing that has touched me
2 missing
with 160 boxes it's almost impossible to me
have come out so many times repeated the good
is that
it's like he's appearing from me
let's see if I'm lucky and
well we know to be repeated
and good does not follow it not been replicated
it matters then I can not get
spent because even though I love myself
people closer I do not put gold
so I was left wanting
unfortunately I can not believe that no
I managed not to go too repeated to the
this seems exaggerated the beginning
good joke is all for this video the
come next